DAVID B. LASATER

Mr. Lasater is a partner in Arthur Andersen's Value Solutions Practice.

He has provided extensive financial, statistical, and economic consulting in diverse industries including:

financial services, specialty finance, high-tech and other manufacturing, assembly, distribution,

telecommunications, and energy.

He has consulted in securities litigation, employment litigation, accountants' malpractice, intellectual

property, breach of contract, lender liability, predatory pricing, fraudulent conveyance, franchise

disputes, and U.S. Tax Court cases. He has provided numerous instances of expert deposition and

courtroom testimony.

David is a graduate of The University of Texas at Austin where he received a Ph.D. (Accounting,

Research, Capital Markets and Quantitative Methods) and a Masters in Professional Accounting. He

has an undergraduate degree in accounting (B.B.A.) from the University of Houston. He is a CPA since

1980 (Texas and New York licenses) and is a member of the American Economic Association, the

American Statistical Association, the American Accounting Association, and the American Institute of

Certified Public Accountants.

REPRESENTATIVE

LITIGATION SERVICES

EXPERIENCE Securities

Applied capital markets and other financial economics & statistical

modeling to measure damages to investor classes in numerous Rule

10b-5 cases. Engagements include disputes involving equity and

debt securities in the motion picture, pharmaceutical, cosmetic

distribution, environmental services & engineering, and packaged

software industries.

Presented the quantum of market-based damages to the Securities

& Exchange Commission in a Rule 10b-5 disgorgement action.

Provided counsel with analyses of a swaps and swaptions portfolio

in a dispute involving over $100 million of alleged underpayment of

incentive compensation to the portfolio manager.

Provided counsel with forensic analyses of loan portfolio

management by a publicly-held financial services company in a

shareholder derivative action.

Provided counsel of a major broker/dealer with sample-based

investor suitability analyses of U.S. sales of more than 30 oil & gas

and real estate limited partnerships.

REPRESENTATIVE

LITIGATION SERVICES

EXPERIENCE (cont'd) Employment Litigation

Provided statistical analyses of liability and damages in several class

action Title VII matters. Deposition and numerous instances of

courtroom testimony.

Provided statistical consultation to outside counsel of a rental car

company whose pricing policies in a major metropolitan area were

alleged to produce disparate impact. Case dismissed on summary

judgment.

Assisted counsel in evaluating the claims of a mutual fund money

manager who was alleging disparate pay and promotion under Title

VII. We performed relative performance analyses and rebutted

the statistical assertions of the plaintiff's economist expert.

Deposition testimony.

Accountants' Malpractice Liability

Assisted counsel in two separate cases involving government

contractor/manufacturers. Significant analyses were required of

the companies' contract accounting and overhead cost

determination.

Assisted counsel in an accountant's malpractice case in which loan

losses incurred by a financial institution were alleged to result, in

part, from the external auditor's negligent credit review.

Assisted counsel in an accountant's malpractice case in which

damages were alleged from the accounting method choice and

related mispricing of government contracts. Courtroom

testimony.

Breach of Contract Damages

Provided extensive accounting, financial, and statistical analyses of

damages in two separate alleged breach-of-contract cases involving

major international financial services companies. The cases

included the withdrawal of a Eurobond underwriting and the

withdrawal of a tender offer. One case required substantial capital

markets modeling of consequential damages. The other required

trial-ready data base construction and analyses of five years of a full

range of a 100-division investment bank's managerial reports.

REPRESENTATIVE

LITIGATION SERVICES

EXPERIENCE (cont'd) Breach of Contract Damages

Provided counsel with lost profits damages in a publishing industry

right-of-first-refusal breach of contract dispute. We calculated lost

profits for past and future sales of the children's books that were the

subjects of the dispute.

Assisted counsel in the measurement of damages in a breach of

contract dispute between a major U.S. gas transmission company

and owners of 1,500 supplier gas wells across a 10-year period.

Expert witness in a case concerning damages to a cable-TV network

resulting from the breach by one of its Multiple System Operator

affiliates of the latter's affiliation agreement with the network;

deposition testimony.

Franchise Disputes

Provided counsel with sales and profit analyses in a franchise

termination dispute involving the home furnishing industry.

Provided expert testimony during arbitration in a profit-split

dispute between two franchisees and their electronic company

franchisor. Cost allocation and differential cost assignment to

company owned stores and franchisee stores were at issue.

Post-acquisition Disputes

Assisted counsel in measuring the amount and consequential

effects of alleged overpayment by the acquiring company in

numerous purchase price disputes.

Expert witness in a post-acquisition dispute in which contingent

liabilities, the determination of patent infringement damages, and

the economic determination of a settlement premium were at issue.

Two depositions and courtroom testimony.

Intellectual Property Damages

Expert witness involving lost profits damages in a case involving

electrical connectors for CATV installation. Deposition and

testimony.

REPRESENTATIVE

LITIGATION SERVICES

EXPERIENCE (cont'd) Provided counsel with alternative, fully-integrated business

valuation, cash flow, and financial statement models for use in

assessing lost profits damages in a patent infringement/antitrust

counterclaim case involving optical fiber manufacture.

Assisted counsel with lost profits damages in a patent infringement

case involving hospital patient monitoring equipment.

Fraud Investigations

Assisted counsel in engagements involving multinational, illegal

securities and banking transactions, fraudulent conveyances by and

between related cable-TV companies, funds flows and inventory

misstatement in a network of automotive dealerships, and funds

flows of a domestic franchisee of a Scandinavian manufacturer of

hotel equipment.

Tax Disputes

Assisted counsel in obtaining approval of shareholder basis

calculations using Rev. Proc. 81-70 statistical sampling

methodology.

Assisted counsel in a U.S. Tax Court case involving a major high

technology company's international transfer prices (I.R.C. ยง482)

and cross-border allocations of research and development costs

(I.R.C. ยง861).

Assisted counsel in a U.S. Tax Court case involving change in a

Fortune 500 company's stock price as evidence of the economic

character of various transactions.

Assisted Arthur Andersen state and local tax experts by assessing

the statistical validity of significant sales tax audits.

Other

Critiqued opposing economists' and other financial experts'

analyses in lender liability and product-warranty liability cases.

Provided counsel with alternative statistical and financial

measurements of direct and consequential damages.

REPRESENTATIVE

LITIGATION SERVICES

EXPERIENCE (cont'd) Other

Assisted counsel through the business valuation of a money

management ($1 billion) and brokerage firm in a partnership

dissolution. Deposition testimony.

Forensic analysis of ten years of oil & gas investments and

reinvestment of proceeds for a determination of pre-marital assets

in a high net worth divorce case. Deposition and courtroom

testimony.

Expert witness in matters concerning state mortgage interest law

and Federal Truth-in-lending; depositions and courtroom

testimony.

Assisted counsel in assessing opposing statistical expert's statistical

analysis for consolidating asbestos claims.

STRATEGIC

FINANCIAL CONSULTING Served for five years (1993-1998) as quality control partner for

business valuations produced by the New York office Corporate

Finance practice.

Assisted in the purchase investigation of a New York money center

bank.

Consulted New York law firms in a variety of operating and

financing matters.

Consulted creditors on the feasibility and disclosure completeness

of debtors' Ch. 11 plans of reorganization and valuation of Newco

equity.

RELATED PROFESSIONAL

ACTIVITIES "Option Pricing and Business Valuation," published in the

proceedings of Business Litigation, Defense Research Institute,

(New York, May 1999).

"Causation and Damages in Federal Securities Cases" speech

presentation as a faculty member, ALI-ABA course: The

Prosecution and Defense of Shareholder Litigation Against

Directors and Officers, Washington, May 28-29, 1992.

"Proving Damages in Litigation: Investment and Finance Issues",

speech presentation at the State Bar of Arizona 57th Annual

Convention, Tucson, June 13, 1990.

Co-author and instructor of Arthur Andersen's firmwide training in

quantitative methods and damages analysis.

PREVIOUS AFFILIATION Prior to joining Arthur Andersen in Fall 1988, David was a member

of the accounting faculty, Graduate School of Business, Michigan

State University.